MINKO GECHEV: Hello, everyone.
My name is Minko Gechev.
I'm working on
Angular at Google.
Today, in this video,
I'll want to show you
how you can use Angular
DevTools to preview
the structure of
your application
and profile its performance.
Angular DevTools is a
Chrome DevTools extension
that you can download
from the Chrome Web Store.
You can find a link in
the description below.
When you install
Angular DevTools,
you can go to
Extensions and pin it.
The next step is to open
an application running
in development mode.
See how the color of the icon
changed to red, indicating
we can debug the application.
Now let us open Chrome DevTools
and find the Angular tab.
Here we can preview
the component tree
of the application.
Once we select the
component, we can
find its metadata,
properties, inputs,
and outputs in the right panel.
And we can modify them
directly from the UI.
Now let us navigate
to the Profiler tab
and start recording
change detection events.
We can preview change
detection cycles
as they occur in real-time.
Each bar in the
timeline corresponds
to a separate change
detection cycle.
We can find how much time
we spent in change detection
and whether the current
cycle caused any frame drops.
We can also preview the
estimated frame rate and what
triggered change detection.
At the bottom, we can
preview the components
we spent the most time in.
When we select the bar,
we can see further details
for the particular component.
To better understand the
application's execution,
we can switch between the
default bar chart view
or the two alternative views--
flame graph and tree map.
That is all I have
for you today.
Head to angular.io/devtools
to find more advanced Angular
DevTools features.
Thank you very much for
watching and happy coding.